[Dictionary & Dictionary-Methods]: Updates & Edits + "Mecha Munch Management" Concept Exercise (#3445)
exercism/python: concepts/dict-methods/introduction.md

# Dictionary Methods in Python

A dictionary (`dict`) in Python is a data structure that associates [hashable][term-hashable] _keys_ to _values_ and is known in other programming languages as a resizable [hash table][hashtable-wikipedia], hashmap, or [associative array][associative-array].
Dictionaries are Python's only built-in [mapping type][mapping-types-dict].
As of Python 3.7, `dict` key order is guaranteed to be the order in which entries are inserted.

> `dict`s enable the retrieval of a `value` in (on average) constant O(1) time, given the `key`.

Reviewer: Maybe the more advanced compsci topics like big O can be simplified?
```suggestion
Given the `key`, dict`s enable the retrieval of a `value` in (on average) constant time (independent of the number of entries).
```

Compared to searching for a value within a `list` or `array` (_without knowing the `index` position_), a dictionary uses significantly more memory, but has very rapid retrieval.
Dictionaries are especially useful in scenarios where the collection of items is large and must be accessed and updated frequently.

The `dict` class in Python provides many useful [methods][dict-methods], some of which are introduced in the concept exercise for dictionaries.

> This concept tackles a few more:

Reviewer: I like the handy reference
